Add support for reading PagerDuty secrets from files (#3107)
prometheus/alertmanager: docs/configuration.md

# Whether to notify about resolved alerts.
[ send_resolved: <boolean> | default = true ]

# The routing and service keys are mutually exclusive.

> # The PagerDuty integration key (when using PagerDuty integration type `Events API v2`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The PagerDuty integration key (when using PagerDuty integration type `Events API v2`).
# It is mutually exclusive with `routing_key_file`.
```

routing_key: <tmpl_secret>

> # The filepath to the Pager Duty routing key. Conflicts with routing_key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Read the Pager Duty routing key from a file.
# It is mutually exclusive with `routing_key`.
```

routing_key_file: <filepath>

> # The PagerDuty integration key (when using PagerDuty integration type `Prometheus`).

Reviewer: same here

service_key: <tmpl_secret>

> # The filepath to the Pager Duty service key. Conflicts with service_key.

Reviewer: same here
